Add ticker to dataprovider (#3238)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/strategy-customization.md

    The order book is not part of the historic data which means backtesting and hyperopt will not work if this
    method is used.

#### *ticker(pair)*

``` python
if self.dp:
    if self.dp.runmode.value in ('live', 'dry_run'):
        ticker = self.dp.ticker(metadata['pair'])

>         dataframe['last_price'] = ticker['last']

Reviewer: I think we should note here that fields can depend on the exchange (not all exchanges return vwap for example) - and FTX does not always return last field - so it can be None ...

    The order book is not part of the historic data which means backtesting and hyperopt will not work if this
    method is used.

#### *ticker(pair)*

``` python
if self.dp:
    if self.dp.runmode.value in ('live', 'dry_run'):
        ticker = self.dp.ticker(metadata['pair'])
        dataframe['last_price'] = ticker['last']
        dataframe['volume24h'] = ticker['quoteVolume']
        dataframe['vwap'] = ticker['vwap']
```

!!! Warning

>     Although the ticker data structure is a part of the ccxt Unified Interface, the values returned by this method can
>     vary for different exchanges. For instance, many exchanges do not return `vwap` values, the FTX exchange
>     does not always fills in the `last` field (so it can be None), etc. So you need to carefully verify the ticker
>     data returned from the exchange you are working with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Although the ticker data structure is a part of the ccxt Unified Interface, the values returned by this method can
    vary for different exchanges. For instance, many exchanges do not return `vwap` values, the FTX exchange
    does not always fills in the `last` field (so it can be None), etc. So you need to carefully verify the ticker
    data returned from the exchange and add appropriate error handling / defaults.
```
